fix!: deprecate passing nil to update_capabilities and do not force merge (#2)
camilledejoye/nvim-lsp-selection-range: README.md

local nvim_lsp = require('lspconfig')
local lsp_selection_range = require('lsp-selection-range')

> -- Create the capabilities
> local capabilities = lsp_selection_range.default_capabilities()
> 
> -- Or update existing capabilities
> -- capabilities = lsp_selection_range.update_capabilities(capabilities)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-- Update existing capabilities
capabilities = lsp_selection_range.update_capabilities(capabilities)

-- If you don't already have custom capabilities you can simply do
local capabilities = lsp_selection_range.update_capabilities({})
```

I don't really like the idea of "creating LSP capabilities" from such a plugin.
It's not really it's job, it should only work around capabilities provided by the user.
Which means the `update_capabilities` method has to be updated to stop using the `vim.lsp.protocol.make_client_capabilities()` as well.

Author: Sounds reasonable. I guess `default_capabilities()` could be misleading in that it sounds like it is providing a complete set of capabilities.
